README.md, before:

# Virtual Meeting Secretary - API

The accompanying client can be found [here](https://github.com/JorisPalings/vms).

## Installation

### Prerequisites
To install and run this project, you'll need to have [Node.js with npm](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) installed on your machine.

### Windows
```
:: Run the MongoDB daemon in the background
START "" mongod

:: Clone the files from the GitHub repository
git clone https://github.com/nickvanvynckt/vms-api.git

:: Enter the project folder
cd vms-api

:: Install the project's dependencies
npm install

:: Run the server in the background
START "" nodemon

:: Open the API explorer in the browser
START http://localhost:4000/explorer
```

Remark: You may need to create the C:/data/db folder first.

```
mkdir C:/data/db
```

### Linux/OSX
```
# Run the MongoDB daemon in the background
mongod &

# Clone the files from the GitHub repository
git clone https://github.com/nickvanvynckt/vms-api.git

# Enter the project folder
cd vms-api

# Install the project's dependencies
npm install

# Run the server in the background
nodemon &

# Open the API explorer in the browser
open http://localhost:4000/explorer
```

Remark: You may need to create the /data/db folder first.

```
sudo mkdir /data/db
sudo chown `id -u` /data/db
```

Commit message:

[FEATURE] Added server installation instrcutions

README.md, after:

# Virtual Meeting Secretary - API

The accompanying client can be found [here](https://github.com/JorisPalings/vms).

## Installation (local)

### Prerequisites
To install and run this project, you'll need to have [Node.js with npm](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) installed on your machine.

### Windows
```
:: Run the MongoDB daemon in the background
START "" mongod

:: Clone the files from the GitHub repository
git clone https://github.com/nickvanvynckt/vms-api.git

:: Enter the project folder
cd vms-api

:: Install the project's dependencies
npm install

:: Run the server in the background
START "" nodemon

:: Open the API explorer in the browser
START http://localhost:4000/explorer
```

Remark: You may need to create the C:/data/db folder first.

```
mkdir C:/data/db
```

### Linux/OSX
```
# Run the MongoDB daemon in the background
mongod &

# Clone the files from the GitHub repository
git clone https://github.com/nickvanvynckt/vms-api.git

# Enter the project folder
cd vms-api

# Install the project's dependencies
npm install

# Run the server in the background
nodemon &

# Open the API explorer in the browser
open http://localhost:4000/explorer
```

Remark: You may need to create the /data/db folder first.

```
sudo mkdir /data/db
sudo chown `id -u` /data/db
```

## Installation (server)

```
# Make absolutely, positively sure you're in root's home directory
cd /root

# Gracefully stop the server if it is already running
if [[ $(forever list | grep server/server.js) ]]; then forever stop 0; fi

# Forcefully remove all files of the previous API version
sudo rm -rf ~/vms-api

# Clone the files from the GitHub repository
git clone https://github.com/nickvanvynckt/vms-api.git

# Enter the API folder
cd ~/vms-api

# Install the project's dependencies
npm install

# Run the server in the background
forever start server/server.js
```
